Documentation edits to the Getting Started Section (#1510)
eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds: docs/manual/getting_started/benchmarking.rst

Benchmarking Tools
==================

The |var-project-short| ``ddsperf`` tool primarily measures data *throughput*
and *latency* of the DDS applications within a network, or within the same board. 
the ``ddsperf`` tool also helps to do sanity checks that ensure your configuration 
is correctly set up and running. 

> For the |var-project-short| Python package, ``ddsperf`` provides a graphical application 

Reviewer: I would rephrase this, as `ddsperf` does not provide anything graphical as far as I understand it. It is `cyclonedds performance` that provides a graphical wrapper around `ddsperf`.

Author: Removed.

> For the |var-project-short| Python package, ``ddsperf`` provides a graphical application 
> (by running ``cyclonedds performance``).

Reviewer 2: This seems a little backward, for more information see my comment here.

```suggestion
The |var-project-short| Python package provides a convenient frontend for ``ddsperf``, accessible by running ``cyclonedds performance``.
```

Measuring latency
-----------------

To measure latency between two different applications, you run
two instances of the ``ddsperf`` tool. The first instance has
the role of a *sender* that sends a given amount of data (a sequence of
octets) at a given rate. The second instance has the role of
*receiver* that sends back the same amount of data to the sender in a
Ping-Pong scenario. The sending action is triggered by the **Ping**
option. The receiving behavior is triggered by the **Pong** action. The
sender measures the roundtrip time and computes the latency as half of
the roundtrip time.

The Ping-Pong scenario avoids clock desynchronization issues that can
occur between two machines that do not accurately share the same
perception of the time in the network.

.. image:: /_static/gettingstarted-figures/4.3-1.png
   :align: center

To differentiate  the two operational modes, the ``ddsperf`` tool can
operate either in a **Ping mode** or in a **Pong mode**. 

To run the Ping-Pong scenario (with default values):

1. Open two terminals (for example, on Linux-like OSs). 
2. In the first terminal, run the following command: 
  
 .. code-block:: bash

    ddsperf ping

>     cyclonedds performance ping

Reviewer 2: To clarify, the second line (i.e. `cyclonedds performance ping`) seems to refer to the command-line interface exposed by the [`cyclonedds performance` subcommand](https://github.com/eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds-python#cyclonedds-performance) from https://github.com/eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds-python.

This also explains part of the confusion in the line commented on [here](https://github.com/eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds/pull/1510/files#r1039749776). `ddsperf` isn't Python based. Rather the Python tooling using `ddsperf` under the hood to  provide the `cyclonedds performance` subcommand and acts as a frontend for `ddsperf`.

>     cyclonedds performance ping

Author: For the time being, I'll remove the "cyclonedds performance ping/pong" lines and the references to python providing a graphical application. The Python-specific area (https://cyclonedds.io/docs/cyclonedds-python/latest/tools.html?highlight=cyclonedds%20performance#cyclonedds-performance) describes the how ddsperf is extended by cyclonedds performance

3. In the second terminal run the following command:

 .. code-block:: bash

    ddsperf pong

>     cyclonedds performance pong

Reviewer: I think this second line is output from the program to the command line, so maybe leave that out.

  * The **Listening** mode (with two possible values, ``waitset`` or
    ``Listener``)

For example, to measure local latency between to processes exchanging 2KB 
at the frequency of 50Hz: 

1. Open two terminals. 
2. In the first terminal, run the following command: 

 .. code-block:: bash

    ddsperf ping 50Hz 2048 waitset

>     cyclonedds performance ping --rate 50Hz --size 2048 --triggering-mode waitset

Author: Removed

3. In the second terminal run the following command:

 .. code-block:: bash

    ddsperf pong waitset

>     cyclonedds performance pong --triggering-mode waitset

Reviewer: Again, output.

Author: Removed

- **Pooling** mode. The subscriber cyclically fetches the data from its local cache.

There are two ways to publish each data sample; individually, or by sending them in *Burst* mode.
The following are the parameters for *Burst* mode:

- The **Rate** and frequency at which data is written (defined by the [R[Hz]] option). 
  The default rate is "as fast as possible". In **pub** mode, instead of trying to reach a set rate, it sends data fast
  as possible.
- The **Size** of the data that is exchanged (defined by the [Size S] option). 
  The default size is "as small as possible" (depending on the size of the topic).
- The **Burst Size** (only applies to the **pub** mode) is the number of data samples 
  issued together as a batch (defined by the [Burst N] option). The default size for burst is 1. 
  Note: When going "as fast as possible", this option does not make any difference.
- The default triggering mode is *listener* for the **ping** , **pong** and **sub** mode.

To run a simple throughput test (with default values): 

1. Open two terminals. 
2. In the first terminal, run the following command:

 .. code-block:: bash

    ddsperf pub size 1k

>     cyclonedds performance publish --size 1k

Reviewer: Again, output.

Author: Removed

3. In the second terminal run the following command:

 .. code-block:: bash

    ddsperf -Qrss:1 sub

>     cyclonedds performance -Qrss:1 subscribe

Author: Removed
